vaccination-sites.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Vaccination Sites
permalink: /vaccination-sites
add_to_nav: true
order: 4
---
This is a list of all of the sites we are aware of in California which may, at some point, receive the COVID-19 vaccine. **Most of them do not have the vaccine available today**; we are calling as many as we can daily to update the list.
If we missed a site, [let us know](https://airtable.com/shrY44NvEjHBscrOH)! We are working on expanding the list with additional pharmacies and other locations.

<div class="autoComplete_wrapper">
  {% assign counties_list = "" | split: "" %}
  {% for region in site.data.regions_counties %}
    {% assign counties_list = counties_list | concat: region[1] %}
  {% endfor %}
  {% assign counties = counties_list | join: ", " %}
  <input type="text" id="autoComplete" placeholder="Search by county..." class="{{ site.data.styles.input }}" autofocus data-collection="{{ counties }}"  />
</div>

<iframe class="airtable-embed margin-top--l" src="https://airtable.com/embed/shrCSbzaiSiWdNB0s?backgroundColor=grayLight&viewControls=on" frameborder="0" onmousewheel="" width="100%" height="100%" style="background: transparent; border: 1px solid #ccc;"></iframe>

Commit message:

Edit text on vaccination-sites
De-emphasize "today" in status and add link to latest data (homepage).

vaccination-sites.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Vaccination Sites
permalink: /vaccination-sites
add_to_nav: true
order: 4
---
This is a list of all of the sites we are aware of in California which may, at some point, receive the COVID-19 vaccine. **Most of them do not have the vaccine available**; we are calling as many as we can daily to update the list so please check the [latest report](https://www.vaccinateca.com).
If we missed a site, [let us know](https://airtable.com/shrY44NvEjHBscrOH)! We are working on expanding the list with additional pharmacies and other locations.

<div class="autoComplete_wrapper">
  {% assign counties_list = "" | split: "" %}
  {% for region in site.data.regions_counties %}
    {% assign counties_list = counties_list | concat: region[1] %}
  {% endfor %}
  {% assign counties = counties_list | join: ", " %}
  <input type="text" id="autoComplete" placeholder="Search by county..." class="{{ site.data.styles.input }}" autofocus data-collection="{{ counties }}"  />
</div>

<iframe class="airtable-embed margin-top--l" src="https://airtable.com/embed/shrCSbzaiSiWdNB0s?backgroundColor=grayLight&viewControls=on" frameborder="0" onmousewheel="" width="100%" height="100%" style="background: transparent; border: 1px solid #ccc;"></iframe>
